Update setting-the-length-of-an-array.md (#2535)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/javascript-core/javascript-arrays/setting-the-length-of-an-array.md

tags:
  - introduction
  - obscura

> links:
> - '[Array holes](https://medium.com/better-programming/what-are-holes-in-arrays-3ac5fcbcd1c){website}'

Reviewer: let's use this format for links since at one point in the future we'll want to make all the links like this
```suggestion

links:
  - >-
    [Array Holes](https://medium.com/better-programming/what-are-holes-in-arrays-3ac5fcbcd1c){website}
```

> - '[Array holes](https://medium.com/better-programming/what-are-holes-in-arrays-3ac5fcbcd1c){website}'

Reviewer 2: cc @nem035 if there's a better link for this

// a = [
//   "one", 
//   "two", 
//   <2 empty items>
// ]
```

Extending an array without adding values would create empty item slots, also called *holes*. An array with *holes* is also referred to as a *sparse* array.

> > Check out the link in the links section to read more about *sparse* arrays and *holes*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 Check out the *Learn More* section for more information about *sparse* arrays and *holes*.
```

```

- length

> - `[1,2,<2 empty items>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[1, 2, <2 empty items>]`
```

- size

> - `[1,2,<3 empty items>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[1, 2, <3 empty items>]`
```

> - `[1,2,<3 empty items>]`

Reviewer 2: Maybe leave this one as `undefined`

```suggestion
- `[1, 2, undefined, undefined]`
- `[1, 2, <1 empty item>, <1 empty item>]`
```

Author: [Undefined, undefined] or [<1empty sitem> , <1 empty item>]

Author: Aha, nvm I think I got it. The first correct answer should be:
- `[1, 2, <1 empty item>, <1 empty item>]`

and the incorrect one should be 

- `[1, 2, undefined, undefined]`

right?

// names = ???
```

> - `["John","Mary","Tom", <1 empty item>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `["John", "Mary", "Tom",  <1 empty item>]`
```
